[water flowing]
KANAME: Uh, Shuka?
I have several questions,
but let’s start with,
"Why are you naked?"
[gasping]
‐ It’s simple.
I didn’t want
my outfit to wrinkle.
‐ And you don’t own any pajamas?
‐ What’s your problem?
Even with the help of my Sigil,
it was a real chore
to carry you back here.
And after
I bandaged your wound,
I was too tired
to put on anything else.
‐ Oh. Well,
thanks for your help, then.
‐ Uh‐huh.
‐ Now here’s my next question.
That little comment you made
about us "making a family,"
can you elaborate, please?
‐ Oh, let me show you.
Ta‐da! I’ve decided
it’s about time
for me to start
a clan of my very own.
See, in Darwin’s Game,
the clans are like families.
No, they’re actually
closer than families.
They’re sworn companions!
‐ Oh. That makes
a lot more sense.
So it’s basically like
any other online game,
where you can join
guilds and stuff.
‐ Huh?
‐ [gasps]
‐ What, did you think
I meant something different?
‐ [stammers]
‐ [giggles]
Uh, whatever!
Just put your dress on!
[Japanese music playing]
KANAME: So, if you use
that shelter item,
then no one can
challenge you to a match?
That sounds
pretty handy.
‐ All the experienced
players use them.
It costs 10 points,
but it means your name
won’t be on the Class Match
competitor list
for a whole week.
‐ Ten points for just a week?
But I’ve only
got 40 to my name!
‐ You should have earned
quite a few more
for defeating me, though.
‐ Oh. Wow, you’re right.
I’m at 639.
Thank goodness.
That’ll buy me
a whole lot of shelters.
‐ I wouldn’t spend all my points
on them, though.
See, they don’t prevent
other players
from approaching you in person
for an Encounter Battle.
You can also convert
your points into cash,
but I would do that sparingly.
‐ Oh, okay.
Well. I’ll use 10 points
right now as a test.
‐ Anyway...
you never gave me an answer.
‐ [chuckles]
I’ll do it.
Let’s start our own clan.
It’ll be good for me
to have an ally in this game.
‐ Really? I’m so glad!
But let’s start
by being friends, ’kay?
‐ Didn’t you say clans
were supposed to be
closer than family?
‐ Yeah, but you have to be
level B2 or higher
to create one,
so you can’t do it yet.
You just keep working hard,
Kaname.
You’ll get there.
Wait a minute. Your rank is A4,
so you could
establish it yourself,
‐ couldn’t you?
‐ Nope.
I mean, I could,
but with things like this,
the man should take the lead.
‐ Huh?
‐ Okay!
Keep an eye out
for a friend request from me!
I’ll text you again
tonight, too.
‐ Sounds good.
I’ll talk to you later on.
‐ [giggles]
[laughs]
‐ Man,
that apartment was fancy.
I guess if I was that loaded,
I wouldn’t care about
cashing my points, either.
But then why is she
playing this game?
It doesn’t seem
like she got sucked into it
against her will like me.
Eh, it’s none of my business.
Well, I’d better
find my scooter.
Oh, great. That factory
is really far away.
And I don’t have
money for a taxi.
[entry bell chimes]
Okay. I think I’ve got about
50,000 yen left in the bank.
What?
It went up to a whole million!
The 10 points I cashed in
must have already posted!
Wow.
So this is what you get
for playing a game
of life or death.
But still, if you die, then who
cares how much money you have?
Damn it!
[cell phone buzzes]
[gasps]
Leave me alone already,
you stupid game.
‐ [deep breath]
[grunts]
You’re mine!
[groans]
[moans]
[sighs]
I was expecting
a punch there at the end.
You sure know
how to keep me on my toes.
Say, you’re not the one
who murdered those 12 people
in Shibuya, are you?
At first, I thought a couple
of flunkies from the Eighth
might have done it,
but apparently they think
my clan’s responsible.
The whole thing’s
a pain in the ass,
but I gotta say I’m eager
to know who the culprit is.
You’re capable of taking down
a dozen people at once, right?
On the other hand,
it could have been somebody
none of us even know.
I heard that rookie hunter
in the animal costume
was beaten
by a brand‐new player.
Recently people
are getting notifications
for special events
coming up, too.
And what that tells me is
this game’s
about to change again.
KANAME: She said to meet
at the Moyai Statue.
I think this is it.
Not sure why it’s covered
with a sheet, though.
‐ Yoo‐hoo, Kaname!
Have you been waiting
for me long?
‐ Oh, no.
Actually, I just got here.
‐ Okay! Our first date is a go!
‐ Huh?
Hey! Hold on!
You’re supposed to tell me
about that event notification
we received.
‐ Did you forget?
‐ Huh?
‐ The stage for that event
is right here in Shibuya,
so it’s a good idea for us
to get the lay of the land.
‐ All right, fine.
Where are we heading?
‐ First stop is Yoyogi Park.
Ever been there?
‐ No. But I don’t understand
what that has to do
with Darwin’s Game.
‐ Before we talk
about anything else,
I need you to stop broadcasting
our situation like that.
Do I make myself clear?
Otherwise, it could result
in "game over" for you.
‐ "Game over"?
You’re saying I could be killed
just for that?
‐ It’s one of the rules.
Revealing any information
concerning the game,
regardless of the reason,
is a punishable offense.
All violators
are forcibly teleported.
‐ Like that guy.
His body vanished
piece by piece.
‐ If you have to mention it when
you’re out in public like this,
it’s safer to refer to it
as "the game."
Well, some people
call it "D‐Game" too.
‐ D‐Game? D as in "Darwin,"
or D as in "death"?
Either way, it works.
‐ You should be extra careful
when you’re in Shibuya
right now too,
and not just because
they announced an event.
You saw the blue sheet covering
the Moyai Statue, didn’t you?
‐ Yeah?
‐ Something D‐Game‐related
happened there yesterday,
and 12 people ended up dead.
Shibuya’s also home
to a dangerous clan
known as Eighth,
and they’ve got
a whole lot of members,
so you have to watch your back
whenever you’re here.
‐ That’s good to know.
‐ [chuckles]
[footsteps shuffling]
‐ So does this park
have something to do
with D‐game too?
‐ Nah, not really. But it is
a popular spot for a date!
‐ Yeah, should’ve guessed.
‐ Although there is
one other reason
I wanted to come here with you.
I don’t know any real details
about what this whole
Shibuya Treasure Hunt thing is,
but this park is
the biggest place in the area,
so I have a strong suspicion
that it might play
an important part
in the event proceedings.
‐ Hey, why would
you want to play
a dangerous game
like this, Shuka?
You don’t seem to be short
on cash or anything.
Do you have some other reason?
Aw, come on.
A beautiful girl like me
has to have some secrets.
Anyway, now that we’re
done eating our crepes,
let’s go back
toward the station.
I want to scope out the mall!
‐ Uh, okay.
‐ [giggles]
‐ Hey, not to be a drag,
but do we really have time to be
shopping for clothes right now?
‐ We were in the neighborhood,
and there’s not much
we can do at the moment anyway.
Besides, I need
to change up my outfit.
‐ Huh?
‐ [sighs]
Who cares about clothes?
I mean, I know girls have
different priorities and all,
but this is Darwin’s Game,
and there’s an event starting
that we know nothing about.
Apparently she’s got
nerves of steel.
Although, compared
to what I’ve been through,
maybe it’s nothing.
‐ [curtain scrapes]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Kaname.
Hmm?
Whoa.
Uh, that’s nice.
It, uh, really suits you.
It’s cute. You should get it.
‐ [gasps]
Thank you so much!
I will get it!
Now for the next one!
‐ Wait. Next one?
You’re kidding!
‐ [bus rumbles]
‐ Ah, that’s interesting.
You’re absolutely certain
that Kaname Sudo
is gonna be in Shibuya?
[modified voice]
I’m only 82% certain.
GIRL: All of my predictions
are based on probabilities,
so it’s impossible for me
to fully confirm anything.
‐ Oh, well.
82% is pretty good odds.
But you can guarantee
you aren’t selling that tip
to anyone else, right?
‐ I haven’t yet, no.
But I’m an information broker,
so I hope you understand
that my intention is to sell it
to three customers on
a first‐come‐first‐served basis.
‐ [crunching]
‐ Hmm.
As long as I’m the first person,
I guess I don’t mind.
If I’m the one who finds him,
it’s worth the price tag.
Oh, and, Analyst...
‐ Yes? [crunching]
‐ I get why you would want
to use a voice changer,
but is your device busted?
‐ [coughs]
‐ Huh?
‐ [sighs] I don’t think that’s
relevant to the conversation.
I’m much more interested
in hearing whatever information
you can share
about the Treasure Hunt
invitation you received.
‐ Oh, yeah?
You’re lookin’ to buy too?
‐ If it’s something valuable,
then yes.
‐ All I know is
that some players got it
and some didn’t.
I’m hanging up.
I need to find Kaname Sudo
before you find another buyer.
[line clicks]
‐ [sighs]
I was hoping he would tell me
something more useful
since I received
the invitation too.
‐ Our mall investigation is
just a shopping excursion.
Clothes are boring.
I thought this was
a danger zone
crawling with other players.
Is it really okay to goof off?
You know, take the game away,
and she’s basically
a typical teenage girl.
The more I learn
about Darwin’s Game,
the less I understand.
Teleportation and point
conversion are both concepts
that shouldn’t be possible
in the real world,
but the most insane part of all
of it is the Sigil system.
I mean, it can give
people superpowers.
There’s no logical way
to explain that.
[gasps]
‐ I’ve heard so much
about you, Kaname Sudo.
Let’s have a little chat.
KANAME: Wait! What do you want?
Are you a player too?
‐ Just shut up and follow me
If you want your phone back,
that is.
‐ Who is this guy?
I wonder if he’s part
of that evil Eighth Clan?
Dude, where are you taking me?
Whatever you want to talk about,
let’s get on with it!
‐ Wow. You’re way too careless
with the phone
that has D‐Game on it.
You really don’t get it, do you?
‐ I see.
If he does something in the app
using my phone, then...
‐ Whoa, that freaked you out.
I bet I can guess what you’re
thinking about right now.
Don’t worry about me using it.
For some reason,
you can’t play the game
with someone else’s phone.
That said, any player
who lost their phone
would be totally screwed.
You’d never know
if you were in a battle.
You wouldn’t be able
to search for your opponent.
Worst of all, you couldn’t buy
a shelter to avoid matches.
With the right connections,
you might be able to redownload
the game onto another phone,
but that would be
a major hassle.
So you’d essentially be dead.
‐ Thanks for the info.
‐ This should do fine.
‐ All right, I’ll take
my phone back, please,
unless you’ve got
some more tips.
‐ Aw, don’t rush off already.
You’re famous. You know that?
Everyone’s been
talkin’ about the noob
who took down the rookie hunter
and the Undefeated Queen.
‐ That panda prick and Shuka?
‐ Look, it’s pretty unusual
for a solo player to even
survive their first battle,
so when you defeat two famous
players like them in a row,
you’re obviously gonna start
makin’ a reputation
for yourself.
Well, I say, "famous,"
but the rookie hunter
was just a weird dude.
As for Shuka, that girl’s
a genuine A‐class solo player.
She achieved that rank
without a single loss.
She hunted the Roppongi area
so hard,
there are barely
any players left there.
Knowing you were the person
who broke
the Queen’s winning streak,
I gotta challenge you myself!
‐ Forget it. I don’t have
any reason to fight with you.
I joined this dumb game
by accident!
‐ Oh, I see.
You don’t wanna play.
Not much point in me
keeping this, then.
‐ Whoa, you could’ve
given me some warning!
‐ But the nifty thing
about this app
is that if you don’t have
a reason to fight,
it’ll create one for you.
[cell phone warbles]
It’s time to play
a round of D‐Game!
‐ Crap. Not again.
‐ I won’t use my power,
since you’re a newbie and all!
Wow, this guy’s got sharp eyes.
But he moves like an amateur.
‐ [groans]
‐ Done already?
Come on. It’s no fun
if you give up that easily.
‐ [humming a tune]
Kaname?
He’s probably in the bathroom.
‐ [cell phone buzzes]
‐ Eh?
I’m busy right now.
This better be important.
‐ You had requested
an investigation
into that other player.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [modified] I have results.
‐ Go on.
‐ Well, I can say for certain
that Danjo’s Boxing Club
has nothing to do with it,
but I’m still looking
into the Eighth Clan.
Their newest member
is a man named Sig.
I don’t have much meaningful
intel on him as of yet,
but I do know that they
call him "Flame Demon,"
so he’s probably not our guy.
The main problem is Wang.
There’s no dirt on him, either.
Not surprising for a person
who’s killed every opponent
he’s ever fought against.
‐ Thank you.
I’ll pay you for checking out
Danjo’s Boxing Club.
In the meantime, keep trying
to dig up something about Wang.
‐ [sighs heavily]
The more I poke
my nose into this,
the more dangerous
it gets for me.
‐ Do it, and I’ll
pay you triple.
‐ [gasps]
[chuckles]
You’ve made me
an offer I can’t refuse.
By the way,
if you want to make a deal,
I’ve got some info
on the promising rookie
who defeated you.
‐ [gasps]
I’ve got a deal for you.
Tell me everything
you know right now,
and I’ll let you live.
‐ What a disappointment.
You’re the guy
who took down an A‐rank?
‐ [groaning]
‐ Give Shuka a Help Call.
I’ll wait ’til she’s here.
I heard you two
were working together.
At first, I was planning
to wait a while
to pick a fight
with an A‐rank player,
but maybe I can do this thing
the easy way.
‐ Forget it.
Don’t get cocky on me
just because you landed
one good hit.
And I’m not working with Shuka.
‐ What the hell?
You better not be
trying to trick me.
‐ Don’t let your guard down,
dumb‐ass!
‐ [electricity crackles]
‐ [screams]
[groans]
A stun gun?
Where’d that come from?
‐ [yells]
‐ Wait. I get it.
That’s your Sigil, huh?
‐ Don’t you move!
Take one more step,
and I’ll fry this thing!
‐ How did you...
‐ Should’ve paid more attention.
Take your own advice and
keep a closer eye on your phone!
‐ What? You little...
Do you think that’s all it takes
to beat me, smart guy?
[gasps]
‐ We haven’t
officially made a clan yet.
‐ Yeah, but we’re
still friends, aren’t we?
‐ So you guys
are working together.
‐ Back off,
or I’ll destroy this,
and you’ll have to fight us
without it.
Your move!
‐ [sighs]
You...
Son of a bitch.
Fine!
You win this time.
I surrender.
[cell phone warbles]
‐ [sighs]
You can have this back now.
‐ Hey, you in high school?
‐ Uh, yeah, second year.
‐ What?
You’re a year older than me?
[sighs] Anyway,
I’m with Danjo Boxing Club.
Name’s Inukai.
‐ Why are you acting
all chummy with us now?
You’re still our enemy.
‐ What’s the harm
in makin’ friends?
Most D‐Game players
are older than we are.
And honestly, I’m kind of
ashamed to be a part of a clan.
You understand, don’t you?
‐ Yeah, I understand.
[cell phone chimes]
KANAME: Oh, that’s me.
The Treasure Hunt Game,
it starts in less than a minute?
What kind of event
do you think this is gonna be?
‐ Uh, well, I don’t know.
This’ll be the first event
that I’ve participated in.
‐ So you also got
that weird invitation?
Cool! That makes three of us!
‐ Wait a minute. So you knew you
were about to be doing an event,
but you started a battle
with somebody anyway?
You’re stupid.
‐ Hey! Shut your mouth!
‐ You’ve got
a good point, though.
We probably should have
prepared a little more.
‐ In what way?
‐ Like do we need a shovel
to dig holes with?
INUKAI: Right,
’cause it’s a treasure hunt!
KANAME: Never mind.
Shibuya’s all concrete, anyway.
INUKAI: Judging by the title,
it doesn’t sound like
it’s supposed to be
a battle‐royale kinda situation.
Maybe it’s something peaceful!
KANAME: That’d be nice.
Whoa! Now what?
‐ Relax.
It’s just teleportation.
‐ Isn’t that bad?
‐ I guess this means we’ll be
going our separate ways.
Try not to die, okay, guys?
After all, I want to fight you
again sometime.
‐ Kaname, we might not end up
in the same location,
so our first priority
will be finding each other.
‐ Good plan.
‐ [crackle]
I’ll text you when I‐‐
[dramatic music playing]
I guess this means
it’s Treasure Hunt time.
Maybe no one’ll get killed.
Yeah, as if!
Whatever happens,
it’s gonna be bad!
‐ Well, that was unexpected,
but at least I had
the presence of mind
to grab this
before I got teleported away.
Let’s see here.
So we’re collecting some rings?
That seems easy
until you read the fine print.
It says here, for any player
who can’t complete the objective
of gathering three rings
within the time limit,
the result is "game over."
The problem is...
I can’t imagine the management
providing enough rings
for every player
to get three of them.
Which means that instead
of a peaceful treasure hunt,
it’s going to be a vicious
scramble for survival.
WANG: Slaughtering other people
to save my own skin, eh?
This could be right up my alley.
And here in Shibuya,
I got the home‐field advantage!
Thanks a lot, D‐Game!
You really are too good to me!
[laughs]
‐ No! That’s Wang,
the leader of the Eighth Clan!
I’m screwed
right out of the gate!
Then again,
it could be my chance
to eliminate a key player
early on!
‐ Huh?
Hey, girlie.
Tryin’ to get
your death over with fast?
‐ Actually, no, you’re
the one who’s going to die.
In fact, the game’s
already over for you.
‐ Huh?
[grunts]
‐ And I get to kill you
without challenging you
to a real fight!
That’s 4,000 degrees!
Now burn, bones and all!
[energy surges]
[gasps]
[thud]
[traffic rushing]
[beep]
[Japanese music playing]
KANAME: Next time: "Ignition."